DOC: Formalize LTS backport policy (#11429)
astropy/astropy: docs/lts_policy.rst

*******************
LTS Backport Policy
*******************

> Starting from astropy 5.0, backports to Long-Term Stable (LTS) releases

Author: @Cadair , you mean like this?

```suggestion
After the standard support life cycle, backports to Long-Term Stable (LTS) releases
```

> will only cover:

Reviewer: After the standard support life cycle.

Author: @Cadair , can you please elaborate on this?

Reviewer: Well why the LTS version is both "the LTS" and the latest release the backport policy is the same as normal?

* Critical bug fixes.
* Critical security fixes.

> * Special request from pipelines stuck to the LTS. For this use case,

Reviewer: I would s/piplelines/users here.

> * Special request from users stuck to the LTS. For this use case,
>   preferably the developers from affected pipelines would help with the
>   backports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* More complex fixes are permissible only as resources allow, ideally with
  backports done by the original author or from institutions who are on LTS
  and need the fix.
* New "features" that are absolutely necessary to accomplish the above.
* Other critical additions absolutely necessary for users stuck to the LTS. 
  In this case, the developers from affected institutions would perform the
  needed backports or implementation.
```

*******************
LTS Backport Policy
*******************

Starting from astropy 5.0, backports to Long-Term Stable (LTS) releases
will only cover:

* Critical security fixes.
* Bug fixes where backporting is straightforward (e.g., no conflicts).
* More complex fixes are permissible only as resources allow, ideally with

>   backports done by the original author or from institutions who are on LTS

Reviewer 3: How about "users"? In most cases, those users are institutions, but I don't think that we should write a policy that explicitly excludes non-institutional users.

Author: I added "users". Look better now?

  and need the fix.
* New "features" that are absolutely necessary to accomplish the above.
* Other critical additions absolutely necessary for users stuck to the LTS. 

>   In this case, the developers from affected institutions would perform the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  In this case, the users themselves (e.g. developers from affected institutions) would perform the
```

Author: Applied. Thanks!
